{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ^ Offer effective as of January 13, 2026. The value up to $1,350 could be earned in the first year of Account opening and is based on the combined total value of: $214:\'a0Annual fee rebate for the Primary ($139), and one Additional Cardholder ($75) for the first year; $140: Based on first checked bags for two people, on a round-trip flight in the first year; $200: Usage of the Nexus statement credit benefit, each Primary Cardholder and Additional Cardholder will receive one (1) statement credit for the amount posted to the Account, up to a maximum value of $100 CAD, for a NEXUS application fee regardless of NEXUS application approval. Limitations apply, please see Aeroplan Rewards Terms and Conditions for TD Credit Cards for details. $800: 40,000 Aeroplan points could be earned based on the following requirements: Welcome Bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points earned when you make your first Purchase with your Card Additional Bonus of 15,000 Aeroplan points earned when you spend $7,500 within 180 days of Account opening Anniversary Bonus of 15,000 Aeroplan points earned when you spend $12,000 and Account has been opened for 12 months Value is based on\'a0the majority of current Aeroplan cardholders receiving a value of $0.02/points or more when redeeming for a flight as of September 1, 2025. Redemption calculation is based on actual flight redemptions made by cardholders between the period of November 8, 2020 \'96\'a0September 1, 2025. The Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus described in this offer are subject to the Aeroplan program general Terms and Conditions located at aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions , which provide that incentive or bonus Aeroplan points offered to become an Aeroplan credit cardholder and/or to activate, use or hold a new Aeroplan credit card may not be issued and may be revoked in certain circumstances including, but not limited to, if you have previously received welcome or other incentive Aeroplan points in connection with the opening, activation, use or holding of a new Aeroplan credit card account with TD or another issuer of the same card category type as the Account. Aeroplan points have no cash value but are redeemable under the Aeroplan program for flights and other rewards. The retail value of rewards obtained using Aeroplan points will vary depending on a range of factors including the type of reward issued, details of which may be found at https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan.html#/ . Aeroplan points may be redeemed only in accordance with the General Terms & Conditions of the Aeroplan program. Full terms and conditions of the Aeroplan Program are available online at https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan/legal/terms-and-conditions.html . All offers are contingent on satisfying the criteria outlined in the offer terms and conditions.}