{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
1 Effective as of January 7, 2025. To be eligible for this offer, you must: (i) be approved for a TD\'ae Aeroplan\'ae Visa Infinite Privilege Card account (\'93 Account \'94) while this offer is in effect, and (ii) not have opened any TD-Aeroplan Visa Card account (e.g., Platinum, Infinite, Infinite Privilege or Business) in the last 12 months.\'a0 Even if TD approves your application for an Account, the award and issuance of any Aeroplan points pursuant to this offer is subject to the Aeroplan program general Terms and Conditions located at aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions, which provide that incentive or bonus Aeroplan points offered (including, for example, the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus described in this offer) to become an Aeroplan credit cardholder and/or to activate, use or hold a new Aeroplan credit card may not be issued and may be revoked in certain circumstances including, but not limited to, if you have previously received welcome or other incentive Aeroplan points in connection with the opening, activation, use or holding of a new Aeroplan credit card account with TD or another issuer of the same card category type\'a0 as the Account. Subject to the above conditions, under this offer you are eligible to receive: (a)(I) 20,000 bonus Aeroplan points (" Welcome Bonus ") after the first eligible purchase is made on the Account; (II) an additional 35,000 bonus Aeroplan points (" Additional Bonus "), if $12,000 in net purchases (including the first purchase, less any returns and credits) is made on the Account within 180 days of Account opening; and (III) a one-time anniversary bonus of 30,000 Aeroplan points (" Anniversary Bonus "), if the Account remains open and active for 12 months and $24,000 in net purchases (including the first purchase, less any returns and credits) is made on the Account within 365 days of Account opening. TD reserves the right to: (i) limit the number of credit card accounts opened by one person, (ii) limit the number of points available under this offer for the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus, and (iii) terminate or suspend, in whole or part, or modify this offer in any way at any time. This offer cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. The Account must be in good standing at the time the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus are issued by Aeroplan. Please allow up to 8 weeks after the conditions for each element of this offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus to be issued by Aeroplan and credited to the Aeroplan member account linked to the Account, which must belong to the primary cardholder. Closing the Account or transferring to another TD credit card account may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded under this offer.}