{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2 Welcome Bonus: Effective as of April 30, 2025, Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect. Welcome Bonus of 10% in Cash Back Dollars applies to new TD Cash Back Visa Infinite Accounts ("Account") in the first 3 months of Account opening ("First 3 Months") to a maximum total collective spend of $3,500 ("Welcome Bonus Cap") on any one or more of the following transactions charged to the Account at merchants classified by the Visa payment network's Merchant Category Code ("MCC") as Grocery Stores and Supermarkets (MCC 5411) ("Grocery Purchases"), or Gas Service Stations (MCC 5541), Automated Fuel Dispensers (MCC 5542), and Electric Vehicle Charging (MCC 5552) ("Gas & Electric Vehicle Charging Purchases"), or Local and Suburban Commuter Passenger Transportation, Including Ferries (MCC 4111) ("Public Transit Purchases"), or\'a0 Digital Goods Media \'96 Books, Movies, Music (MCC 5815), Digital Goods \'96 Games (MCC 5816), Digital Goods \'96 Applications (MCC 5817), Digital Goods \'96 Large Digital Goods Merchants (MCC 5818), Cable, Satellite and Other Pay Television/Radio/Streaming Services (MCC 4899) ("Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media Purchases"), or that are classified by the Visa payment network as recurring payments that are pre-authorized with a merchant to occur on a monthly or other regularly recurring basis ( "Recurring Bill Payments"). If you have any questions about the MCC that applies to a Purchase, contact TD at 1-800-983-8472 . In the first 3 months of Account opening, the Welcome Bonus of 10% in Cash Back Dollars listed above is in place of, and not in addition to, the earn rates listed within the TD Cash Back Program Terms and Conditions. During the first year that the Account is open, the $15,000 Cap for each of (i) Grocery Purchases, (ii) Gas & Electric Vehicle Charging Purchases, (iii) Public Transit Purchases, and (iv) Recurring Bill Payments and Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media Purchases will be reduced by the actual corresponding amount of purchases in one of these categories (i) through (iv) made in the First 3 Months. Other Conditions: Rebate of the Annual Fee is only for the first year for the Primary Cardholder and the first\'a0Additional Cardholder added to the Account. To receive the first-year annual fee rebate, you must activate your Card while this offer is in effect and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening. To receive the first\'a0Additional Cardholder annual fee rebate you must add your first Additional Cardholder while this offer is in effect and the rebate will be applied within 2 monthly statements from the date of the statement with the first annual fee charge. The Primary Cardholder is responsible for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder. The Special Offer Bonus and Welcome Bonus may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. This offer is not available customers who have activated and/or closed a TD Cash Back Visa Infinite Account in the last 12 months. We reserve the right to amend the offer on your Account to reflect the current offer available at the time of your TD Credit Card activation if your Card has not been activated while this offer is in effect. Your Account must be in Good Standing at the time the Cash Back Dollars are awarded.}