{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u915  Effective\'a0as of January 13, 2026. To be eligible for this Offer, the Cardholder who is an Individual Borrower must: (i) be approved for a TD \'ae Aeroplan \'ae Visa Business Card\'a0 account (\'93 Account \'94) with an Annual Fee of $149 ("Account") while this Offer is in effect, and (ii) not have opened any TD-Aeroplan Visa Card account (e.g., Platinum, Infinite, Infinite Privilege or Business] in the last 12 months.\'a0 Even if TD approves your application for an Account, the award and issuance of any Aeroplan points pursuant to this Offer is subject to the Aeroplan program general Terms and Conditions located at aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions , which provide that incentive or bonus Aeroplan points offered (including, for example, the Welcome Bonus, Monthly Bonus and PAP Bonus\'a0in this Offer) to become an Aeroplan credit cardholder and/or to activate, use or hold a new Aeroplan credit card may not be issued and may be revoked in certain circumstances including, but not limited to, if you have previously received welcome or other incentive Aeroplan points in connection with the opening, activation, use or holding of a new Aeroplan credit card account with TD or another issuer of the same card category type\'a0 as the Account. Welcome Bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points ("Welcome Bonus") will be awarded to the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower of the Account only after the first Purchase is made on the Account. The \'93Cardholder\'94 means the Individual Borrower of the Account who is issued the TD \'ae Aeroplan \'ae Visa* Business Card account with an Annual Fee of $149. To qualify for a monthly bonus of 2,500 Aeroplan points ("Monthly Bonus"), the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower must have at least $2,500 in net Purchases posted to their Account each month by the last day of each monthly billing period in the first 12 months after Account approval, up to a total maximum of 30,000 Monthly Bonus Points. Once you have earned 30,000 Monthly Bonus Points in the first 12 months following Account approval, you will no longer be eligible for additional Monthly Bonus Points. Purchases made during a billing period but posted after the end of that billing period will not count toward eligible Purchases for that month but will count toward eligible Purchases for the next billing period. For example, if your monthly billing period is from September 15 to October 14, a Purchase that is made on October 14 (transaction date) and posts on October 15 (posting date) will not count as an eligible Purchase for that month but will count towards spend in the next month's billing period. If the September 15 to October 14 period was your 12th monthly billing period, then the Purchase that was made on October 14 and posted on October 15 would not count toward this Offer. The PAP Bonus of up to 20,000 Aeroplan Points Recurring Bill Payment Promotional Offer ("PAP Bonus"), only applies to TD \'ae Aeroplan \'ae Visa* Business Card accounts (the \'93Account\'94) that are open, active, in good standing while this Offer is in effect and have set up Eligible Recurring Bill Payments set up on the Account within 6 months of Account approval. The Individual Borrower Cardholder can earn up to 20,000 Aeroplan points depending on the number of Eligible Recurring Bill Payments set up on the Account within 6 months of Account approval. The Recurring Bonus is calculated as follows: (i) 10,000 bonus Aeroplan points for 1 new Eligible Recurring Bill Payment, or (ii) 20,000 bonus Aeroplan points for two new Eligible Recurring Bill Payments. "Eligible Recurring Bill Payments\'94 consist of a maximum of two new bill payments that are classified as recurring by the merchant through the Visa network and set up on the Individual Borrower Business Cardholder's Account that are registered and charged to the Account within 6 months of Account approval. Eligible Recurring Bill Payments already set up on the Account prior to January 13, 2026, are not eligible for the PAP Bonus Offer. Please allow eight - twelve weeks after the 6 month Offer Period and for the Eligible Recurring Bill Payment to be registered and charged to the Account for the Recurring Bonus to be applied to your Account. TD reserves the right to: (i) limit the number of credit card accounts opened by one person, (ii) limit the number of points available under this Offer for the Welcome Bonus, Monthly Bonus and PAP Bonus, and (iii) terminate or suspend, in whole or part, or modify this Offer in any way at any time.\'a0 This Offer cannot be combined with any other Offer unless otherwise indicated. The Account must be in good standing at the time the Welcome Bonus, Monthly Bonus and PAP Bonus are issued by Aeroplan. Please allow up to 8-12 weeks after the conditions for each element of this Offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus, Monthly Bonus and PAP Bonus to be issued by Aeroplan and credited to the Aeroplan member account linked to the Account, which must belong to a Cardholder who is an Individual Borrower. Closing the Account or transferring to another TD credit card account may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded under this Offer.}