{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1 Effective as of September\'a04, 2025. Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect. Welcome Bonus of 20,000 TD Rewards Points ("Welcome Bonus") will be awarded to the TD First Class Travel\'ae Visa Infinite* ("Account") only after the first Purchase is made on the Account. To receive the additional 145,000 TD Rewards Points ("Additional Bonus"), you must make $7,500 in Purchases on your Account, including your first eligible Purchase, within 180 days of Account opening. Rebate of the annual fee is only for the first year for the Primary Cardholder and the first Additional Cardholder added to the Account. To receive the first-year annual fee rebate, you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening. To receive the first Additional Cardholder annual fee rebate, you must add your first Additional Cardholder while this offer is in effect. Annual fee rebates will be applied within 2 monthly statements from the date of the statement with the first annual fee charge. The Primary Cardholder is responsible for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder. Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. This offer is not available to customers who have activated and/or closed a TD First Class Travel\'ae Visa Infinite* Account in the last 12 months. We reserve the right to limit the number of Accounts opened by and the number of TD Rewards Points awarded to any one person. We reserve the right to amend the offer on your Account to reflect the current offer available at the time of your TD Credit Card activation if your Card has not been activated while this offer is in effect. Your Account must be in Good Standing at the time the Welcome Bonus points and Additional Bonus points are awarded. Please allow 8 weeks after the conditions for each offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus TD Rewards Points to be credited to your TD Rewards Account. Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded.}