{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 + Effective as of January 7, 2025. Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect. Welcome Bonus of 15,152 TD Rewards Points (" Welcome Bonus ") will be awarded to the TD Rewards Visa (" Account ") only after you make $500 in Purchases on your Account, including your first eligible Purchase, within 90 days of Account opening. Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. This offer is not available to customers who have activated and/or closed a TD Rewards Visa* Account in the last 12 months. We reserve the right to limit the number of Accounts opened by and the number of TD Rewards Points awarded to any one person. We reserve the right to amend the offer on your Account to reflect the current offer available at the time of your TD Credit Card activation if your Card has not been activated while this offer is in effect. Your Account must be in Good Standing at the time the Welcome Bonus points are awarded. Please allow 8 weeks after the conditions for each offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus TD Rewards Points to be credited to your TD Rewards Account. Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded.}