{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 8 Offer Effective as of September\'a04, 2025.\'a0The value of up to $1,400 could be earned in the first year of Account opening and\'a0is based on the combined value of: $189: annual fee Rebate for the Primary ($139) and first\'a0Additional Cardholder ($50) for the first year; $100:\'a0TD Travel Credit on your first Eligible Travel Credit Purchase of $500 or more made through Expedia For TD; $50:\'a0TD Rewards Birthday Bonus equal to 10% of the number of TD Rewards Points earned while using the TD First Class Travel Visa Infinite* card over the 12 months preceding the Primary Cardholder\'92s birthday, up to a maximum of 10,000 TD Rewards Points (travel value at Expedia For TD of up to $50). Previously earned points on other Rewards Cards, Acquisition Bonus Points, or other Promotional Rewards Points earned do not count towards your Birthday Bonus; $825: 165,000 TD Rewards Points earned based on the following requirements: Welcome Bonus of 20,000 TD Rewards Points earned when you make your first Purchase with your Card (travel value at Expedia For TD of $100); Additional Bonus of 145,000 TD Rewards Points earned when you spend $7,500 within 180 days of Account opening (travel value at Expedia For TD of $725); $285: The Visa Airport Companion Program is hosted and managed by Dragonpass International Ltd. (\'93DragonPass\'94). The yearly value of up to $285 CA is based on the cost of purchasing a Visa Airport Companion Program membership directly from Dragonpass at a foreign exchange rate of 1.3996 USD. A yearly DragonPass membership costs $99 USD and includes one free airport lounge visit. Each additional visit is valued at $35 USD per person per visit. The foreign exchange rate and fees used for the calculation of a yearly value are as of February 4, 2025 and may change from time to time. Every 200 TD Rewards Points redeemed through Expedia For TD are worth $1 in travel savings.}